In the last section we've decided to add a spinner component to our application that should appear whenever
the user clicks the logon button right here.
Then when the log in request is complete we should restore the button and make the spinner go away.
Because I expect to use a spin or many different locations.
I want to create it as a reusable component.
That's why we're making a separate component here from the spinner So fortunately we don't have to make
the whole light animated spinner like you know the spinny thing from scratch.
The re-act native library includes a default spinner that we can use.
So we're going to use a default spinner and inside this component we're just going to add on some additional
styling on top of it to kind of further configure in-style the spinner itself.
So from the Riak native library we will import that default spinner as activity indicator indiv indicator.
There you go.
OK so we've got our activity indicator indicator.
This is an actual spinner.
If we place on the screen you're going to see this like you know kind of like an old dial thing moving
around.
Next we're going to place that spinner inside of our view here.
So I'm still going to keep the view tag.
I'm going to keep the new tag around so we can position the activity indicator.
So I'll keep the view and expand the tag and then place the activity indicator like so again.
The whole purpose of keeping the attack here is so that we can make this thing or we can position the
spinner nicely inside.
Specifically I want to be able to center the activity indicator or the spear on the screen and we're
going to use the tag to do that.
So to make sure that the activity indicator is always centered on the screen we'll add in a style tag
that's going to put in some positioning properties on top of the view tag.
Also I think I've missed a semi colon here and a place that as well.
So I'll place my style's object on Stiles at the bottom and I'll give a simple property here called
spinner style like so.
So this spinner style will be applied to the view tag and its purpose is to make sure that the spinner
is centered on the screen.
So to make sure that you tag fills up the full width of the screen you want to fill the full width.
I'm going to give it a flex one and then to center the activity indicator itself.
We'll use our justified content of center in a line items of center as well.
Finally we will apply the spinner style to the new tag.
So on The View tag we'll say hey you should get your style from Styles dot spinner style OK.
So this is pretty much all we need right now to at least give us video on the screen and make sure that
it's nicely centered.
There is one less thing that we need to do here.
The activity indicator by default has two possible properties you can sign to it.
We'll actually I should say one one property and that property has two different options to it.
I mean we can pass a Size property to the activity indicator and that indicates whether or not we want
this to be large or small.
So we can either say I want a large spinner something like takes up a decent amount of space on the
screen or I can pass in a small property here in which case we get a much smaller spinner to appear.
So we will assume that we will pass in the size of the spinner as a prop to this component and we're
going to pass it in as a prop called size.
Remember these prop names that I'm pulling out here are all completely arbitrary completely random.
I'm just deciding that I want to pass my component that I'm creating a prop called size.
Now this size prop that I'm passing to the activity indicator However this is a special name here.
This is the component that we did not create.
We did not right.
So it has some number of built in or default props that we can pass it.
One of which is called size.
Now we're going to use a little bit of trick here to assign the size property to the activity indicators.
Let's write out the code for it first and we'll talk about what it does.
And right size or large what this does right here is it says if we pass in a size property when we create
the spinner then use that.
Otherwise if we did not pass in a size property use the string large.
So by default if we do not specify the size for our spinner we're going to get a large one.
Otherwise if we say specifically that we want a small one we will get a small one.
So this is just a little shortcut for handling that logic.
All right.
So I think we're just about done here.
The last thing we have to do is wire this thing up inside of our long form.
Let's take care of that in the next section.